Our robo friends are looking really really nice.
I really like this up there is one issue though.
If I minimize this OK it's responsive it looks good but if I scroll down well I lose my search bar at
the top.
Would it be nice if this was at the top and I have a scroll that I can do and still search through my
friends
well you might be thinking well there's probably a CSSA style that I can add here but I want to illustrate
to you the fact that react and we react to so good is because you can create components that are were
usable not just car components but functionality.
Would it be cool if there was maybe something where we can add a round card list.
Maybe I can create a scroll component and this scroll component just wraps the cardless.
And now cardless will be completely scrollable.
But now I can use scroll this component anywhere in my app any time I need scrolling.
I can just wrap it around.
Can we do this.
Let's give it a try.
I'm going to import a component that we don't have yet.
That's called scroll from a file that will create in just a second as create a new file.
We'll call that scroll.
J.S.
and here will again go through the motion of re-act from re-act.
Make this a little bit bigger.
And again I want to change this to baseball and we'll say Konst scroll.
He calls it's going to return from what should have returned.
Before we talk about that just so we don't forget we have to export default skirl.
Now here's a problem we want to return something but it doesn't make sense does it.
If I go to AB dodgy Yes scrawl it's not a self closing component it wraps components.
So how can we tell scroll to hey just render whatever's inside of you.
Up to this point we've learned about props and we've learned about state.
There's one or the thing and react that I want to teach you and that is children and children is this
scrawl can use children as a way to render its children.
What do I mean by that.
Well in here every profs object has children.
So if I go prop's dot children let's see what happens.
I save and go back everything's render but if I remove this and I just do and H-1
I just get this you see props start children is exactly that.
If I Konsole thought log props
Let's open up the con..
I see that I get an object.
And even though I am pass any props to scroll automatically every single component named Bre-X has this
property.
Children and this children a kind of looks confusing here but has card list type cardless
So using this Propst our children we can create components that wrap other components up to this point
we were only able to wrap these lower case components which are kind of like the team tags.
But every time we had a custom component with a capital letter that we built well we can really wrap
it.
Now we can using this thought children.
But here's the cool part.
Using props to our children.
Well I can create a scrollable component Let me show you how simply do diff clothes that Dave and then
here again curly brackets prop's dot chose you and all we need now is to add styles to this div I could
create a scroll dot CSSA file and add a style so it's scrollable but I want to show you another way
which is using stuff just like an HMO using this style attribute an GSX I can add styles but using double
curly brackets that is.
This is a javascript expression.
And within this I'm returning an object and this object can have CSSA else.
Such as a property overflow.
Why.
Which is a CSSA property.
And this we can say scroll again a CSSA way to make the elements scrollable will say border is one pixel
solid block.
And finally we'll give it a height of 500 pixels going to make this smaller so you can see I'm going
to save compiling is fine if I go back it looks like we have a box here.
Let's make it a little bit bigger Just so you can see say five pixels even though it's ugly.
And I forgot a t in here.
Right.
All right.
Let's see that we have a scrollable component.
Let's make this a little bit bigger just so we can see a better look at that.
If I make the smaller I now have a scrollable component side of this.
Very cool.
Now this is a simple.
It allows you to search.
It allows you to scroll but it does show the power of react doesn't it.
We've created these simple functions and the only thing that we tell it to do is well we tell it what
state it has the entire app is described through these two things the robots and search field and re-act
takes care of the breast.
As soon as search field or robot changes react trickles down.
All this information as props to all these components and magically creates our view for us.
That's why react is so powerful it's a view layer.
It takes care of manipulating the DOM and all we tell it is hey what's the state.
What are the functions that you wanted to work with the state and the rest.
Well it optimizes to make sure that everything is super fast and you can see how amazingly fast everything
is here.
It's a super snappy app and these components are now reusable.
I can bring a search box now into a another part of the web site I can add scrolling to another part
of the Web site.
This is what made react so powerful and this is why so many Web sites are powered by re-act.
Once you learn the syntax and you get used to everything that's when re-act truly becomes powerful.
And although we took a bit of time to create this app once you get used to it an hour like this you
can create it in less than an hour probably 30 minutes.
All right.
I think we've done a great job here.
Can't wait to see you in the next video.